hello you want to prepare a dinner a
exquisite piece ok then prepared
with me a flooded pasta nardò that me
I got cooked and ate though
so I modified something I say
immediately that in per calorica pro ie
beautiful gorgeous I am going to list
the ingredients like adecco di
olive
half a clove of garlic around very nearly
let's say all the tomato puree
three-quarters half a glass of water approx
50 grams of cooked ham and 50
grams of mortadella which we will then go to
chop up half of a pack of
cream 100 ml nicolina
grated parmesan and put them
abundantly around 300 grams of
pasta because I'm going to do this this
pasta for two people
enters the dizzy salt they go ok in
room only by putting olive oil
inside
so far I have so put it back
the clove of garlic and half a clove
of garlic practices and we make a loom
so now let's put the tomato three
parts of the past make you plan that
the ostrich oil and you also put it in
half a glass of water
so it was better then on the fire and
turn to cook
the sauce about half an hour is excellent fruit
and you don't see that it is cooked but not without
but add it as you wish now
we take the decrease directly
as closely as possible to visit the
difficult sleeves after half an hour
enough has been done
let's take the truth that we go to
put in and let cook for
another 5 minutes you see meanwhile put
the water on the fire and I wait for it to spring
ok he got another 57 minutes to do
cook the meats happen so I have
off the fire and the pasta is cooking
if you drain pasta and sauce maybe you are
cooled the warmed up a little if not
you're still hot but it's okay like this
now for what he did we put 100
ml of cooking cream
about half the judo
I'm a shady side, I put my muscles in it
that all the duce finally we want there
we put and mix is ​​practically the
pasta is ready to stir
slip into
in homage to your account that you pass
I don't remember you all right, see you
at the next accept
I hope you enjoyed this thanks
for watching me and signing up at
channel see you at the next
let's play in court